whilst going on YouTube by Omar here
with the s for this video we're going to
be looking at how to check if you've
gotten software update on your Samsung
Galaxy s4 very very simple all you do is
you go into the settings menu by
clicking the menu button there and then
you go on to more tab right down to the
bottom to a bad device and then you hit
the software update button you get this
options here obviously you can set up an
auto update so it automatically updates
whenever there's one available and you
have this option here to only download
the update once you are connected to a
Wi-Fi of course you can manually check
if there's an update I've already
downloaded it sir this is what you'll
get and all you do is you'll get paid
this message here with the the amount
all you do is you select the ok button
the device will be rebooted you'll get
like an Android robot it's kind of
spinning around stuff to say that it's
being updated so you'll get this screen
once it's rebooted and all it is is a
little Android just focus their little
Android robot and you've got like a
percentage bar on the bottom to say that
it's been updated so once it's finished
installing the update it will
automatically restart like so and your
phone should boot he'll start to
optimize the applications are on your
phone one by one like so so as you can
see that it's going through each
application optimizing it for the new
update now with this stability update
samsung addressed the issue of the space
the hard drive space and this face which
allows you to put your stuff on and
because here if you remember they
actually used half of the allocated
space for system applications so with
this update you'll be able to transfer
applications over to your microSD card
from the software itself and there you
go so if we just give it a second to
initialize we start the wait for the
widgets and stuff if
go into the way you check it if you go
into your Settings menu go into the same
pace where you went before so that's
about device and then here the build
number will change as you can see this
was a different build number before so
now it's change to the new update and
that's basically it and you'll get this
much to say the device has successfully
been updated so that was just a quick
look at how to check if you've got an
update and also install an update
over-the-air or wirelessly as which is
the same thing on your Samsung Galaxy s4
thanks for watching guys